fix: add notes about only UEFI being supported (#73)
githedgehog/docs: docs/install-upgrade/install.md

* A machine with access to the Internet to use Fabricator and build installer with at least 8 GB RAM and 25 GB of disk space
* An 16 GB USB flash drive, if you are not using virtual media
* Have a machine to function as the Fabric Control Node. [System Requirements](./requirements.md) as well as IPMI access to it to install
  the OS. Only UEFI is supported.
* A management switch with at least 1 10GbE port is recommended
* Enough [Supported Switches](./supported-devices.md) for your Fabric

> !!! warning ""

Reviewer: Does this deserve to be a warning?

```suggestion
!!! tip "Control nodes on virtual machines"
```

>     While it's not officially supported to run control node(s) on VMs, it's possible. Make sure to use UEFI boot.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity

```suggestion
    Running control nodes on virtual machines is possible, although not officially supported. If you use virtual machines, make sure to use UEFI boot.
```
